Restructure MAAS doc (#1114)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04-clusters/02-data-center/01-maas/10-register-manage-maas-cloud-accounts.md

---
title: "Register and Manage MAAS Cloud Accounts"
metaTitle: "Register and Manage MAAS Cloud Accounts"
metaDescription: "Learn how to register and manage your MAAS cloud accounts in Palette."
hideToC: false
fullWidth: false
---

import Tabs from 'shared/components/ui/Tabs';
import WarningBox from 'shared/components/WarningBox';
import InfoBox from 'shared/components/InfoBox';
import PointsOfInterest from 'shared/components/common/PointOfInterest';

# Overview 

> When you install the Private Cloud Gateway (PCG), an account is auto-created. You can use this account to create tenant clusters and, if desired, you can create additional accounts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you install the Private Cloud Gateway (PCG), a cloud account is auto-created. You can use this cloud account to create tenant clusters and, if desired, you can create additional cloud accounts. 
```

> # Prerequisites

Reviewer 2: Having a MAAS API key is also required. So we can reuse the text we used in the PCG page.

Author: Added this prereq to cluster accounts doc.

- An installed PCG. Review [Install and Manage MAAS Gateway](/clusters/data-center/maas/install-manage-maas-pcg) for guidance. 

> # Create a MAAS cloud account

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Register a MAAS cloud account
```
We're registering an account, not really creating one.

Follow these steps to create additional MAAS cloud accounts.

<br />

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com) as a tenant admin. 

> 2. Navigate to the **Main** menu and select **Tenant Settings > Cloud Accounts**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to the **Main Menu** and select **Tenant Settings > Cloud Accounts**.
```

> 3. Locate **MAAS** on the Manage Private Cloud Accounts page and click **Add MAAS Account**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Locate **MAAS** on the **Cloud Accounts** page and click **Add MAAS Account**.
```

4. Enter values for properties listed in the following table.

| Property | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| Account Name | Custom name for the cloud name. |
| Select Private Cloud Gateway | Select your MAAS cloud gateway from the **drop-down Menu**. |

> | API Endpoint | API Endpoint of the gateway without a trailing / .|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| API Endpoint | API Endpoint of the gateway without a trailing `/` .|
```

> | API Key | API token. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| API Key | The MAAS API key. |
```

# Validation

> You can validate your MAAS cloud account is created by reviewing the **Cloud Accounts** page. Ensure your account is listed under **MAAS**. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can validate your MAAS cloud account is registered by reviewing the **Cloud Accounts** page. Ensure your account is listed under **MAAS**. 
```

# Next Steps

> Try deploying Kubernetes clusters to one or of your MAAS accounts. Check out [Create and Manage MAAS Cluster](/clusters/data-center/maas/register-manage-maas-cloud-accounts) for guidance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deploy a Kubernetes cluster to one of your MAAS accounts. Check out [Create and Manage MAAS Cluster](/clusters/data-center/maas/register-manage-maas-cloud-accounts) for guidance.
```
